 Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
 All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.
 It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
 Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.
 Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
 Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.
 Believe in yourself. You are braver than you think, more talented than you know, and capable of more than you imagine.
 I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear.
 There is only one thing that makes a dream impossible to achieve: the fear of failure.
 Your true success in life begins only when you make the commitment to become excellent at what you do.
 Believe in yourself, take on your challenges, dig deep within yourself to conquer fears. Never let anyone bring you down. You got to keep going.
 Definiteness of purpose is the starting point of all achievement.
 Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.
 If you believe it will work out, you’ll see opportunities. If you believe it won’t, you will see obstacles.
 Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
 Success means doing the best we can with what we have. Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.
 If you set goals and go after them with all the determination you can muster, your gifts will take you places that will amaze you.
 Hard times don’t create heroes. It is during the hard times when the ‘hero’ within us is revealed.
 If you believe you can and you’re halfway there.
 Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.